

















****** [Delta_Apparel,_Inc.]_[Delta_Apparel,_Inc.] ******

    * Home
    * About
          o Overview
          o Manufacturing
          o Strategic_Initiatives
          o Sustainability
          o Management
          o Directors
          o Careers
    * Our_Brands
          o Overview
          o Delta_Apparel
          o Soffe
          o Salt_Life
          o Coast
    * News_&_Media
          o Overview
          o Press_Releases
          o Presentations
          o Events
    * Investors
          o Overview
          o News_/_Events
          o Company_Information
          o Financial_Information
          o Stock_Data
          o SEC_Filings
          o Corporate_Governance
    * Contact
****** California Supply Chain Transparency Act ******
The California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 (the “Act”) requires
certain manufacturers and retailers doing business in California to make
available information regarding their efforts to address the issue of slavery
and human trafficking in their direct supply chains.  We fully support the
goals of the Act and are proud of our commitment to the protection of human
rights and to conducting business in an ethical manner. This commitment is
reflected in the Delta Apparel, Inc. Ethics Policy Statement (the “Ethics
Policy”), to which all of our employees are required to adhere.

Our Ethics Policy requires all business activities, including our sourcing and
procurement activities, to be conducted in full compliance with all applicable
laws and regulations, including the laws of the United States as well as those
of other countries within which we operate. This obligation specifically
includes compliance with laws prohibiting the use of involuntary or forced
labor.  In addition, our supplier conduct standards require our suppliers to,
among other things, operate their businesses in full compliance with all
applicable laws, regulations and ethical standards, and not utilize forced
labor.  Further, our customers and business partners, who include some of the
largest and most respected brands in the world, maintain robust social
responsibility standards prohibiting the use of forced labor and human
trafficking that we must meet as a condition of doing business.
**** Verification and Audit ****
We invest significant time and resources in ensuring that the working
conditions in our facilities meet or exceed the standards imposed by applicable
laws. We have obtained Worldwide Responsible Accredited Production (WRAP)
certification for all of our manufacturing facilities in the United States,
Honduras, El Salvador and Mexico. WRAP certification requires a rigorous self-
monitoring and accredited third party auditing process designed to ensure
compliance with a variety of principles based on applicable laws and
international labor conventions, including a prohibition on the use of
involuntary or forced labor. We also adhere to the Fair Labor Association (FLA)
Workplace Code of Conduct, which prohibits the use of forced labor.

With respect to our suppliers, we may utilize internal or external resources to
evaluate and conduct due diligence on potential suppliers with respect to
social responsibility and legal compliance. We would not engage or continue to
work with a supplier if we become aware of slavery or human trafficking
concerns.  We endeavor to verify that our suppliers comply with our Ethics
Policy, our supplier conduct standards and applicable legal and regulatory
requirements, including those related to slavery and human trafficking. Our
supplier terms allow us to conduct unannounced audits and inspections with
either our own employees or independent third parties to verify compliance with
our standards and requirements, including those pertaining to the use of forced
labor.  In addition, our customers and business partners conduct periodic
audits and on-site inspections for compliance with their conduct standards and
legal requirements.  Moreover, some of our suppliers have their own codes of
conduct and auditing programs and share their audit results with us.  All of
these mechanisms facilitate verification that our suppliers comply with
applicable laws, regulations and standards, including those relating to the use
of forced labor.
**** Certification ****
As a part of our supplier application process, potential suppliers are required
to agree in writing to refrain from utilizing forced labor.  In addition, our 
supplier terms require our suppliers to warrant that all products and services
are provided in strict accordance with all applicable laws and regulations,
including those relating to slavery and human trafficking, and to provide
certifications and supporting data regarding such compliance upon request. Our
supplier terms also require our suppliers to warrant that they will comply with
our Ethics Policy and FLA Workplace Code of Conduct in the performance of their
obligations.
**** Internal Accountability ****
If any employee fails to comply with our Ethics Policy or applicable laws or
regulations, we will take the appropriate remedial action and reserve the right
to terminate our relationship with the employee depending upon the nature of
the circumstances. Should a supplier fail to meet our standards or otherwise
comply with applicable laws and regulations, we reserve the right to terminate
our relationship with that supplier. In addition, employees who interact with
suppliers are expected to report any potentially unlawful or unethical conduct
within our supply chain of which they become aware, including the presence of
slavery or human trafficking, and any such report will be promptly and
appropriately investigated.  Moreover, our Ethics Policy contains clear
reporting mechanisms that allow for the anonymous reporting of issues regarding
the use of forced labor and prohibits retaliation against those reporting or
providing information.
**** Training ****
We currently do not provide training that is specific to slavery and human
trafficking. However, each of our employees is required to review and
acknowledge compliance with our Ethics Policy, which identifies the principles
under which we conduct business and deal with employees and suppliers. 
Moreover, our sourcing and procurement teams are well aware of our social
responsibility requirements and the need to be cognizant of these issues in
connection with our supplier and facility selection and certification efforts.
© 2020 Delta_Apparel,_Inc. All Rights Reserved.
California_Supply_Chain_Transparency_Act Privacy_Policy Data_Request Do_Not
Sell_My_Info Disclaimer Sitemap
