














****** ECCO Sko A/S ******
ECCO Modern Slavery Statement 2016 This document describes the steps ECCO has
taken during 2016 to prevent modern slavery and human trafficking from taking
place in ECCOâs business and supply chains. ECCO has worked with the
international sustainability consultancy firm, Sancroft, to help the company to
assess compliance with the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015 and the California
Transparency in Supply Chains Act (SB 657). The statement responds to the acts
and has been approved by ECCOâs Group Managing Board. Introduction ECCO is
aware that the issue of forced labour and human trafficking, in particular
where work is conducted by migrant workers or other vulnerable workers, occurs
across the world. These abusive working conditions are unacceptable and ECCO
welcomes the Modern Slavery Actâs focus on preventing modern slavery from
occurring in the business and supply chains of companies. Business and supply
chains ECCO is in the business of making high-quality leather, footwear and
accessories. ECCO owns and controls the majority of its leather and shoemaking
process, from the tanning of hides, the production of shoes, to the sale of
products to consumers. Although the majority of ECCOâs tanning and shoe
production is conducted in-house, ECCO does rely on suppliers to provide the
company with services and materials, such as uppers, laces, inlay soles,
machines, chemicals, finished products, and components used in connection with
the manufacturing of ECCO products. Policies ECCOâs Code of Conduct (the
Code), which is signed by and overseen by the Group Managing Board, affirms
ECCOâs commitment to respect internationally recognised human rights. Day-to-
day implementation of the Code is the responsibility of the Group Corporate
Responsibility department. The Code makes clear that ECCO must provide
employees with a workplace free of harassment or abuse and condemns any form of
forced labour. The Code specifically prohibits the use of work or services that
are extracted from any person under menace of any penalty, and for which that
person has not offered himself or herself voluntarily. It also commits ECCO to
informing employees of the terms and conditions of service and the voluntary
nature of employment, and the freedom to leave in a way that is customary to
the respective country. The Code not only applies to all ECCO employees and
business units, but also to all external suppliers and other business partners.
Embedding ECCOâs policy Training helps ECCO embed its policy throughout the
business. ECCO provides training to all new employees on its Code, with a more
in-depth training provided to employees with particular responsibilities. For
example all new Senior Managers, production teams, procurement teams, social
media teams, customer service teams, design and product development and
marketing teams. ECCO will continuously update its training material with up-
to-date information on the trends in modern slavery as well as specific case
studies describing the red flags for modern slavery. Recognising the risks of
modern slavery in its supply chain, ECCO regularly provides in-depth trainings
to its Code of Conduct auditors, who discuss how they can identify and address
modern slavery. ECCO also seeks to work with its suppliers to help them
understand the implications of modern slavery and related risks. For instance,
ECCO held its second ECCO Code of Conduct Supplier Summit in 2015 with 55 of
its global suppliers. ECCO used this opportunity to encourage its suppliers to
share best practices and lessons learned, and ECCO will be seeking to add a
specific lessonlearned session on the processes required to tackle modern
slavery during its next Code of Conduct Supplier Summit. VALUES HERITAGE
PASSION INNOVATION CARE EXCELLENCE HIGH QUALITY FOOTWEAR, LEATHER & ACCESSORIES
NET REVENUE 2016 EUR 1,251m OPERATES IN 88 COUNTRIES MARKETS CHINA USA RUSSIA
GERMANY SWEDEN
Page_2
[iPaper]
__
[https://cdn.ipaper.io/iPaper/Files/0f612d9f-9153-4405-b15f-
42206b46de64.png?Policy=eyJTdGF0ZW1lbnQiOlt7IlJlc291cmNlIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9jZG4uaXBhcGVyLmlvL2lQYXBlci9GaWxlcy8qIiwiQ29uZGl0aW9uIjp7IkRhdGVMZXNzVGhhbiI6eyJBV1M6RXBvY2hUaW1lIjoxNjExMDg2MzYwfX19XX0_&Signature=MHKo~ufLU1Fdjl3fY4R2koRMxNDb9nUZVQkC1mlcsMINvuGyXwCZevECmkrCCd8hxzppHEUGn6QOIDSvHS74UFNarcTgEJH8y4UKAXkfHLcAT~-
PyT6KjOtiDGB3p~hTXHx4CIkJWRLfYuhs5D~if5An5IOrMlnsbC26Bz5jOQM_&Key-Pair-
Id=APKAIPGQN6BDBMBZ2LCA]

Share

Print

Download PDF file

[/                   ]



[Unknown INPUT type]



[https://cdn.ipaper.io/iPaper/Papers/2622356c-3c89-46ab-927d-4bd50520b415/
Pages/1/
Zoom.jpg?Policy=eyJTdGF0ZW1lbnQiOlt7IlJlc291cmNlIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9jZG4uaXBhcGVyLmlvL2lQYXBlci9QYXBlcnMvMjYyMjM1NmMtM2M4OS00NmFiLTkyN2QtNGJkNTA1MjBiNDE1L1BhZ2VzLyoiLCJDb25kaXRpb24iOnsiRGF0ZUxlc3NUaGFuIjp7IkFXUzpFcG9jaFRpbWUiOjE1Nzk2MzY3NjB9fX1dfQ__&Signature=juTmd9TEfD6a~1iuHF4AePbSpeQmaSF2HkW~UvpsG8gCjNqyQdOWK7nb6mrpsyzr1qjxe6~Gfc3DHDC-
8nafU8syZQ9K~freAFLSMgMTTiSyTOOmGBtMQttyJGB7~Q33Vlj4uD4BY5A62n7eF8eiOCAQGGpt4ZyL9ucEqPKXU7M_&Key-
Pair-Id=APKAIPGQN6BDBMBZ2LCA]
[https://cdn.ipaper.io/iPaper/Papers/2622356c-3c89-46ab-927d-4bd50520b415/
Pages/2/
Zoom.jpg?Policy=eyJTdGF0ZW1lbnQiOlt7IlJlc291cmNlIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9jZG4uaXBhcGVyLmlvL2lQYXBlci9QYXBlcnMvMjYyMjM1NmMtM2M4OS00NmFiLTkyN2QtNGJkNTA1MjBiNDE1L1BhZ2VzLyoiLCJDb25kaXRpb24iOnsiRGF0ZUxlc3NUaGFuIjp7IkFXUzpFcG9jaFRpbWUiOjE1Nzk2MzY3NjB9fX1dfQ__&Signature=juTmd9TEfD6a~1iuHF4AePbSpeQmaSF2HkW~UvpsG8gCjNqyQdOWK7nb6mrpsyzr1qjxe6~Gfc3DHDC-
8nafU8syZQ9K~freAFLSMgMTTiSyTOOmGBtMQttyJGB7~Q33Vlj4uD4BY5A62n7eF8eiOCAQGGpt4ZyL9ucEqPKXU7M_&Key-
Pair-Id=APKAIPGQN6BDBMBZ2LCA]
[https://cdn.ipaper.io/iPaper/Papers/2622356c-3c89-46ab-927d-4bd50520b415/
Pages/3/
Zoom.jpg?Policy=eyJTdGF0ZW1lbnQiOlt7IlJlc291cmNlIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9jZG4uaXBhcGVyLmlvL2lQYXBlci9QYXBlcnMvMjYyMjM1NmMtM2M4OS00NmFiLTkyN2QtNGJkNTA1MjBiNDE1L1BhZ2VzLyoiLCJDb25kaXRpb24iOnsiRGF0ZUxlc3NUaGFuIjp7IkFXUzpFcG9jaFRpbWUiOjE1Nzk2MzY3NjB9fX1dfQ__&Signature=juTmd9TEfD6a~1iuHF4AePbSpeQmaSF2HkW~UvpsG8gCjNqyQdOWK7nb6mrpsyzr1qjxe6~Gfc3DHDC-
8nafU8syZQ9K~freAFLSMgMTTiSyTOOmGBtMQttyJGB7~Q33Vlj4uD4BY5A62n7eF8eiOCAQGGpt4ZyL9ucEqPKXU7M_&Key-
Pair-Id=APKAIPGQN6BDBMBZ2LCA]















...






