














****** ECCO Sko A/S ******
ECCO Modern Slavery Statement 2018 This statement describes the steps taken by
ECCO in 2018 to prevent modern slavery and human trafficking from taking place
in ECCOâs business and supply chains, and the steps planned for 2019. The
statement responds to the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015 and has been approved by
ECCOâs Group Managing Board. INTRODUCTION ECCO has always been a strong
supporter of the internationally recognised Human Rights and the fight against
any type of forced labour. Since 1999, this support has been demonstrated
through ECCOâs Code of Conduct, which still stands in the forefront of
ECCOâs operations worldwide. ECCO is aware that the issue of forced labour
and human trafficking, in particular where work is conducted by migrant workers
or other vulnerable workers, occurs across the world. Such abusive working
conditions are unacceptable, and ECCO welcomes the growing body of legislation
that focuses on preventing modern slavery from occurring in the business and
supply chains of companies. ECCOâS BUSINESS AND SUPPLY CHAINS ECCO produces
high-quality leather, footwear and accessories. ECCO is unique in the way that
it owns and controls the vast majority of its leather and shoemaking process,
from the tanning of hides, the production of shoes, to the sale of products to
consumers. Although the vast majority of ECCOâs tanning and shoe production
is conducted inhouse, ECCO does rely on suppliers to provide the company with
services and materials, such as uppers, laces, inlay soles, machinery, and
chemicals. Due to ECCOâs business model, the âtiersâ of the supply chain
look different to those of many of its competitors and peers. âTier 1â are
business units that manufacture the finished shoes or leather goods sold to the
end consumer. This mainly comprises ECCO shoe factories (Indonesia, China,
Thailand, Slovakia, and Portugal). For ECCO Accessories, this would include
bags, wallets, belts, and other small leather goods, which primarily are
produced by long-term suppliers. ECCOâs âtier 2â are business units that
manufacture materials or components to tier 1. This mainly covers uppers from
ECCO Vietnam and leather from ECCO tanneries (Indonesia, China, Thailand, and
the Netherlands). In addition to these managed business units, we also source
laces, logos, zippers, and shoe boxes within tier 2. ECCO also owns and
operates some facilities at tier 3. âTier 3â are business units that are
sub-suppliers to tier 2. These include ECCOâs beamhouse in the Netherlands.
Further, it could include dyeing facilities, chemicals, latex, and foam for
sock lining. To learn more about ECCO and how its shoes are made, please visit:
https://group.ecco.com. ECCOâS POLICIES ECCOâs Code of Conduct (the Code),
which is signed and overseen by the Group Managing Board, affirms ECCOâs
commitment to respect internationally recognised human and labour rights. The
Code makes it clear that ECCO must provide employees with a workplace free of
harassment and abuse, and it condemns any form of forced labour, including
modern slavery. The Code not only applies to all ECCO employees and business
units, but also to all external suppliers and other business partners. The
Group Corporate Responsibility department is responsible for preparing policies
and procedures that support the Code and its implementation. The Management at
the ECCO Business Units (BU) are responsible for implementation of the Group
Policies and Procedures and hence, the Code. To ensure proper implementation,
Environment Officers, Health and Safety Officers, and the HR departments at
ECCO shoe factories and tanneries play a key role. VALUES HERITAGE PASSION
INNOVATION CARE EXCELLENCE HIGH-QUALITY FOOTWEAR, LEATHER & ACCESSORIES NET
REVENUE 2018 EUR 1,309m OPERATES IN 99 COUNTRIES
Page_2
[iPaper]
__
[https://cdn.ipaper.io/iPaper/Files/0f612d9f-9153-4405-b15f-
42206b46de64.png?Policy=eyJTdGF0ZW1lbnQiOlt7IlJlc291cmNlIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9jZG4uaXBhcGVyLmlvL2lQYXBlci9GaWxlcy8qIiwiQ29uZGl0aW9uIjp7IkRhdGVMZXNzVGhhbiI6eyJBV1M6RXBvY2hUaW1lIjoxNjExMDg2MzU5fX19XX0_&Signature=VnYuHu-
4OEwGLBM~MIr0Io428KmjboUCAlfc~V7gStqN1~vuSrDMEA94JWloPMArbYVYVImtmFZFqySemj9bFIi5q-
ql-pyzHrlBDmX-RmYfRB8f68lODZU5sOX73qDXixKJQVztql7IJF28P4nCW-
3OpTKiACJ9aelEM9KyUx0_&Key-Pair-Id=APKAIPGQN6BDBMBZ2LCA]

Share

Print

Download PDF file

[/                   ]



[Unknown INPUT type]



[https://cdn.ipaper.io/iPaper/Papers/26143b35-abeb-4e10-a215-e1c0df4d630d/
Pages/1/
Zoom.jpg?Policy=eyJTdGF0ZW1lbnQiOlt7IlJlc291cmNlIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9jZG4uaXBhcGVyLmlvL2lQYXBlci9QYXBlcnMvMjYxNDNiMzUtYWJlYi00ZTEwLWEyMTUtZTFjMGRmNGQ2MzBkL1BhZ2VzLyoiLCJDb25kaXRpb24iOnsiRGF0ZUxlc3NUaGFuIjp7IkFXUzpFcG9jaFRpbWUiOjE1Nzk2MzY3NTl9fX1dfQ__&Signature=dPngSCHyU8O4yQs2lQr8TIc7LaL7fx3c8Pin1ajVAF3COoV7nu4HaZ13V655BAgGOYMRAXGxW0-
lh4yBBNQRzkArXnTp-oykhgbJTpZneqdavI9XlzehsKNzo2m4EQuEfAnlGJBUud0qM-HKT1eLlY--
5UZNkppb1WXit0CilaU_&Key-Pair-Id=APKAIPGQN6BDBMBZ2LCA]
[https://cdn.ipaper.io/iPaper/Papers/26143b35-abeb-4e10-a215-e1c0df4d630d/
Pages/2/
Zoom.jpg?Policy=eyJTdGF0ZW1lbnQiOlt7IlJlc291cmNlIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9jZG4uaXBhcGVyLmlvL2lQYXBlci9QYXBlcnMvMjYxNDNiMzUtYWJlYi00ZTEwLWEyMTUtZTFjMGRmNGQ2MzBkL1BhZ2VzLyoiLCJDb25kaXRpb24iOnsiRGF0ZUxlc3NUaGFuIjp7IkFXUzpFcG9jaFRpbWUiOjE1Nzk2MzY3NTl9fX1dfQ__&Signature=dPngSCHyU8O4yQs2lQr8TIc7LaL7fx3c8Pin1ajVAF3COoV7nu4HaZ13V655BAgGOYMRAXGxW0-
lh4yBBNQRzkArXnTp-oykhgbJTpZneqdavI9XlzehsKNzo2m4EQuEfAnlGJBUud0qM-HKT1eLlY--
5UZNkppb1WXit0CilaU_&Key-Pair-Id=APKAIPGQN6BDBMBZ2LCA]
[https://cdn.ipaper.io/iPaper/Papers/26143b35-abeb-4e10-a215-e1c0df4d630d/
Pages/3/
Zoom.jpg?Policy=eyJTdGF0ZW1lbnQiOlt7IlJlc291cmNlIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9jZG4uaXBhcGVyLmlvL2lQYXBlci9QYXBlcnMvMjYxNDNiMzUtYWJlYi00ZTEwLWEyMTUtZTFjMGRmNGQ2MzBkL1BhZ2VzLyoiLCJDb25kaXRpb24iOnsiRGF0ZUxlc3NUaGFuIjp7IkFXUzpFcG9jaFRpbWUiOjE1Nzk2MzY3NTl9fX1dfQ__&Signature=dPngSCHyU8O4yQs2lQr8TIc7LaL7fx3c8Pin1ajVAF3COoV7nu4HaZ13V655BAgGOYMRAXGxW0-
lh4yBBNQRzkArXnTp-oykhgbJTpZneqdavI9XlzehsKNzo2m4EQuEfAnlGJBUud0qM-HKT1eLlY--
5UZNkppb1WXit0CilaU_&Key-Pair-Id=APKAIPGQN6BDBMBZ2LCA]















...






